There are many examples of where we might want to
join streams in a stream processing application.
A simple example might involve a company with operations in many regions.
Let's pretend that we work for a shipping or distribution company.
We might have data streams of purchases split by
region based on where the various data centers are located.
Using a streaming join, we can pull all the data from
the various regions together in real-time for higher-level analytics.
So in this example, I've chosen Germany,
China, and India all with their own separate data streams,
and they're piped through Kafka and then our stream processors subscribes to
all three topics and then joins
all three of those streams together into one output stream.
Another example may involve real-time pricing.
Say we worked at a rideshare company and we wanted to
consider it lowering or raising the price based not
just on demand but also other factors such as weather or outages and public transit.
If we joined a real-time aggregative demand for
a given time window with weather events and public transit status,
we could emit events that indicate the current state of demand in our system.
The critical difference in these scenarios
relative traditional batch processing approaches is
that these calculations run continually and not on a specifically scheduled basis.
So again, in this example which we saw as well in the first lesson,
we're taking data about events,
weather, and user data.
Then we have a downstream stream processing application
that's combining this information into
one output event which indicates whether demand
is going up or down and how that should impact price.